Update EIP-2935: rephrase a statement (#8495)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-2935.md

### Gas costs and witnesses

> Since now `BLOCKHASH` is served from state, the clients now **additionally** charge the corresponding warm or cold `SLOAD` costs. For verkle based networks this would imply doing and bundling corresponding accesses (and gas charges) of `SLOAD`. However, the corresponding code access charges (if implemented via executing the evm contract code) are not charged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since now `BLOCKHASH` is served from state, the clients now **additionally** charge the corresponding warm or cold `SLOAD` costs. For verkle based networks this would imply doing and bundling corresponding accesses (and gas charges) of `SLOAD`. 
However, the corresponding contract code accesses (and  charges)  are not levied to keep it simple so that the clients can choose to directly implement rather than EVM contract `get` execution.
```
